Rename pause annotation (#2783)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/operating-eck/troubleshooting.asciidoc

you can get errors reporting a conflict while updating a resource. You can ignore them, as the update goes through at the next reconciliation attempt, which will happen almost immediately.

[id="{p}-exclude-resource"]
== Exclude resources from reconciliation

When debugging, you might need to temporarily exclude an Elastic stack resource from management by ECK. When you do that no Kubernetes object depending on that stack resource is modified while you investigate.

> To do this, set the annotation `eck.k8s.elastic.co/managed` to `false` on any resource controlled by the operator:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For debugging purposes, you might want to temporarily prevent ECK from modifying Kubernetes resources belonging to a particular Elastic Stack resource. To do this, annotate the Elastic object with `eck.k8s.elastic.co/managed=false`. This annotation can be added to any of the following types of objects:
```
